What are your first memories of television, June?
The Queen's coronation, 1953.
And where were you living at that time?
Well, actually I was living with my mother-in-law and father-in-law,
and there was a television installed in Logan School, the old Logan School,
a very, very small TV.
And we were in this big school room, just watching parts of the coronation then.
That's the first time I really sat down and watched television.
So were you a pupil in the school?
No, my husband was.
But because we were living in Llynconna, all the residents were invited to go.
Raymond didn't go because he was painting the little house where we were moving to.
But you went?
Yeah, June the 2nd, 1953, which was my birthday.
Very fitting then, celebration.
So you saw that first television with a crowd of other people.
Yes.
What do you remember of the atmosphere?
Everybody was cheering when the crown was actually put on her head.
But I think everybody was more impressed with Queen Silotti of Tonga,
because she poured with rain, and she was the only one that drove in the possession in an open carriage,
and carrying a big umbrella, because she was a rather bigish lady.
But I think the impact in that room that day, they were looking at her once the Queen had gone by,
and this lady was waving and smiling and the rain just pouring down.
She did give an impact to the people.
So you remember vividly her and her carriage.
Oh yes, open carriage.
What else, what other images that you've got in your mind from that day?
Well it is amazing to see in the mall, on the telly, how many people slept out overnight,
to that they have a prime spot on the time of the possessions.
There was the Golden Coach, and she went from the palace in the Golden Coach,
and they actually had, at that time, they had a top hit with a record.
There's a Golden Coach, and it was about the Queen riding in the Golden Coach,
going to her coronation, and it was top of the, like top of the pops, if you like, for months and months and months.